1. 

implicit conversion--
            To explicitly convert values to a string apply the String() function.


explicit conversion--
            Implicit coercion is triggered by the binary + operator, when any operand is a
ex-
String(123) // explicit
123 + ''    // implicit




2. sleep function

With the help of Sleep() we can make a function to pause execution for a fixed amount of time.

ex- search in net




3.Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) 

Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) is a set of roles and attributes that define 
ways to make web content and web applications (especially those developed with JavaScript) 
more accessible to people with disabilities.




4.In computer science, data is anything that is meaningful to the computer.



5. datatypes in javascript-

undefined, null, boolean, string, symbol, bigint, number, and object.


6. If you concatenate a string with an undefined variable, you will get a string of undefined.



7.When JavaScript variables are declared, they have an initial value of undefined.



8.If you do a mathematical operation on an undefined variable your result will be 
   NaN which means "Not a Number".


9.Why would I use a Refresh Token?
Refresh Tokens are useful because they allow applications to get new Access Tokens without 
forcing users to login to the system repeatedly. Typically our Access Tokens last for 20 
minutes. This means after 20 minutes the user would have to re-authenticate in order to continue 
to use the application interacting with the web service. This may be undesirable if the user 
is used to a scenario where they are logged into the system until they explicitly log out or 
close their browser window. To deal with this scenario, we have implemented Refresh Tokens which 
allow the application to request a new Access Token, "behind the scenes", and maintain the user's 
session beyond the length of the life of the Access Token.


10.Difference between Authentication and Authorization.

Authentication - 1. In authentication process, users or persons are verified.
                 2. It is done before the authorization process.
                 3. Generally, transmit information through an ID Token.
                 4. Example : Employees in a company are required to authenticate 
                              through the network before accessing their company email.

Authorization -  1. While in this process, users or persons are validated.
                 2. While this process is done after the authentication process.
                 3. Generally, transmit information through an Access Token.
                 4. Example : After an employee successfully authenticates, the system 
                             determines what information the employees are 
                             allowed to access. 

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-authentication-and-authorization/




11.What is token TTL?
An access token has a “time-to-live” (ttl), which is the maximum time that the 
access token will be valid for use within the application.


